Add <pl-hide-in-panel> element. (#1710)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: doc/elements.md

#### See also

- [`pl-question-panel` for displaying the question prompt.](#pl-question-panel-element)
- [`pl-submission-panel` for changing how a submitted answer is displayed.](#pl-submission-panel-element)
- [`pl-hide-in-panel` to hide contents in one or more display panels.](#pl-hide-in-panel-element)
- [`pl-external-grader-results` for showing the results from an externally graded code question.](#pl-external-grader-results-element)

-----

## `pl-hide-in-panel` element

> Hide the contents in any of the panels ("question", "submission", or "answer").

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
Set when contents should be displayed depending the current view state ("question", "submission", or "answer").
```

Author: done

#### Sample Element

```html
<pl-hide-in-panel submission="True" answer="True">
  This text will be hidden in the submission panel and answer panel.
</pl-hide-in-panel>
```

#### Customizations

Attribute | Type | Default | Description
--- | --- | --- | ---

> `question` | boolean | False | Whether to hide the element contents in the question panel.

Reviewer: One nit: I think booleans are listed as `true`/`false elsewhere in the doc?

Author: Good catch! In fact we were being totally inconsistent. I standardized everything on lowercase.
